I mean yeah special night just being
having my family here and i always grown
up a UK fan and I don't just being a
part of it was really cool for me in
walking out you know the people cheer
for just what was going through your
mind and body uh I mean just honestly
just how blessed I am to be a part of
this and that was just kind of final
final hoorah for just all the cool
blessings I've had to experience in my
four years here surely with sodium
because you guys are so close to then
make it even better that does I mean we
were talking about it all day just he
was talking about how he's gonna shoot
15 shots in the first three minutes and
he's almost there so yeah I mean we were
both really excited this whole past week
so um yeah this is really fun for us
yeah I mean that I think that was really
cool um we knew hoodie was going to
score because he had been talking to
talk about shooting a lot of shots but
um yeah just to start it off with a
three by him and then three by me was
cool for us and I think it really
energized the crowd too we're a little
better I mean obviously guy thought we
definitely didn't play the best we could
have played um didn't help that we
couldn't hit a shot for the most part of
the game I mean we did what we had to do
to win and I think I think just getting
a win honestly it was good for us no
matter how it looked and I know
hopefully we'll be ready for florida on
saturday
um mainly just just talking to the guys
I mean mean hoodie I mean we haven't
played that much in tournament times at
all but we've been there and we know
what it's like and it's win or go home
so pretty much it's just gonna be
getting in their ears and just telling
that you can't you can't let up at all
once the tournament starts because if
you let up its over you finally listened
to you when you say that I think yeah I
think they do I think they really
respect us I'm that they know we've been
here for a while now and I hope they
think we know we're talking about so I
think I think they do respect it and
they listen to us I've only lost to two
games and road this year one time my
career and that was last year one time
since I've been here now I think all of
us were a little rattled to a certain
degree we just had to rediscover and
redefine what what we were and you did
that to an extent tonight now
I'm a fool what do you mean by redefine
what does that mean what is just go play
that's that's the thing go play players
are going to play coaches are in the
coach and officials are going to
officiate you can't can't get all
bottled up with with the officials and
how their how they're calling the game
and or how if coach is on your whatever
we're 18 year old men 18 year old and
above I'm 22 we know how to play
basketball at this point she's gotta go
play John you probably talking about
just your emotions go through the hoop
this what was going through your mind
and body and that kind of thing after
the first one or what else without know
when we went out to go through the hoop
oh oh oh it's something special i mean
i've seen before guys do it now for
different for different series of guys
and that's something means a lot to me
going out and being recognized with my
family and half court best friend
it's a special moment in the fact you
did a wheelchair that as you say your
best friend that's going to make it does
being out there i'm josh is a couple
years ago by himself and that's that's
one thing that if you have your best
friend and you're the only to their dad
that means a lot Terry was singing to
talking trash if you're going to shoot a
lot of shots and he said you gonna shoot
15 and you almost got there the goal the
goal was what I kept saying to him was
not running away from the shop I got an
open one let it go and there's a heat
check in there somewhere whether it's
after the first make or the second day
it's going to come don't run away from a
shot ever and you got one and he got one
and you brought that one by the first EP
time mother was pretty cool I made I
made the first one look at that out and
he looked at me and smiled and shook his
head then I I saw him my kids he turned
to look at me I hit the same thing it
was like all right well now what do we
do both we both got our points let's
it's worry about plan team coach
colleges told me we have to have energy
and when the things has gone tough and
we're gone through adversity we have to
come together and that's why I just try
to do
oh yeah it is you know whenever we hit
adversity sometimes we fall and we just
have to pick back up you know because
every game it's not going to read it
there's gonna be a stretch where we're
down and i feel like i can pick
everybody up oh yeah of course you know
i just tryna
yeah you know and i think it's not just
me there's a lot of more people that
just talk and you're Aaron James all of
us we just talk to each other and just
be positive in this Lansing I'm sorry
how long has that been going on with
what you get for talking that's been
going off for a while but I think today
we just tried to be more vocal you know
cause Kyle took a stuff he was just my
just trying to have us come together as
a team especially when adversity has it
been really strange you guys facing
university when most you guys are not
used to yeah we're not used to it we
don't know like well we've been through
it throughout the season of the world
just see some good a lot took for the
deep roads can be oh yeah for sure I
thought was gonna be much more easier
but just going through it I'm I'm
grateful that I'm in the position I am
Cal said he could tell some
did you feel that way yeah I felt
rattled you know I was looked down for a
little bit you know we came off of two
losses I'm not used to losing games like
that but I felt like after today we just
needed to win all right good I see him
every day so a guy like that every day I
was into the game oh yeah he does all
the time you know he's an old man so he
says some jokes I don't get sometimes
because it's pretty old but you know
that's just John